Clarify max TTL and system max TTL behavior (#12391)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/commands/secrets/tune.mdx

- `-max-lease-ttl` `(duration: "")` - The maximum lease TTL for this secrets
  engine. If unspecified, this defaults to the Vault server's globally
  configured [maximum lease TTL](/docs/configuration#max_lease_ttl), or a previously configured value for the secrets

>   engine. This value is allowed to override the system max TTL -- it can be longer or shorter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  engine. This value is allowed to override the server's global max TTL; it can be longer or shorter.
```

nit: using more similar wording to above just for maximum clarity.

>   engine. This value is allowed to override the server's global max TTL; it can be longer or shorter.

Reviewer: Judging from https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/commands/auth/tune#max-lease-ttl, I think we should make the same edit there?

Author: yep

Author: sorry, closed this w/o that change. that change was just made https://github.com/hashicorp/vault/pull/12391/files#diff-3dd98f20e81f7ae91d858fc307fae5185a1c8a8ddf9e8a4fa91c708797dd1d25
